Hi everyone.
Let me make that screen looking
brighter. My goodness.
There we go.
Um today is Friday April the 24th and
this is the money ball morning report.
News by Benzinga Pro, charts by
TrendSpider, gamma flows by Menthor Q.
We take a look at the ES. We've had some
very
wiky days.
Just read
dreadfully
disturbing reports about how much
insider trading is going on, but you
know
it probably was always going on. We just
didn't have tools to find it as easy
as we find it now. But, let's take a
look at what's going on.
Closing candle 3:30 was not nearly the
size of the candlestick that was news
based at 1:30.
Um
Yeah, so this 1:30 candlestick sticks
out just a little bit and it sticks out
to me
we want to look at the open
and we want to look at the high.
Okay?
So,
those are the areas that we want to
watch. The closing day
market Globex opened up inside of that
range.
We've got sideways moving averages.
I would suspect
that we have downward flow. Now, I don't
know that downward flow is a great place
to go here.
We probably want to wait for a bounce
into 7160.
Maybe
7156.
That's that's my thought.
So,
gamma
the gamma flip line is 7122.
The anchored VWAP we're sitting right on
top of it.
Let's get our pivots in place.
Pivot is below us, so it's acting as
support. The moving averages are right
on top of us, so it gives us a sideways
ranging formation.
Higher lows.
The bounce is more likely
than the fade right here.
So, I would wait up here to short. Now,
could you take a long here? You could.
But,
I don't like it as much. I would rather
the wick bring us into the short or a
wick bring us into the long and
ultimately
very interested in seeing how we deal at
the 7117
area. If we lose that
I suspect we revisit 7085.
All right. Do I expect a breakaway
formation to the north? No, I do not. If
it comes
could be squeeze related.
Top of the frame
7180.
Frankly, if it came up there, I would be
looking for a topping formation that I
could short.
Hopefully, it wouldn't be just one solid
wick like this one we had yesterday, but
we'll see.
Right?
Ultimately, we're in a very choppy zone.
What we do know is the edges are going
to bring us
profit space, so I would say
if you're looking to take a trade, value
area high begins the zone at 7170
and
well below value area low for a buy.
If
we zoom out
and we take a look at what's happening
here on the 100 it's been a hot minute
since we have tet Excuse me, the 200.
Since we've tested that 200.
It's been since April.
So,
I think we could
of course, we're still in April. Yes, I
know. April the 2nd.
So, April the 1st.
This is important.
This looks like mean reversion to me.
For somebody that would trade an hourly
chart, they're going to look for longs
in this area.
So,
I am suspecting that's what we'll do as
we revert into that 200. Where is the
200 on the day? Look at how quickly we
recaptured that and continued.
Everything
tells us that the speed is
a little too quick.
But, you know
you never know. So,
there you have it.
We'll see what goes on.
In the meantime
deep dips are buys and notice how deep
the dips can be. Size is a killer. So,
if you want to try and position yourself
early, make sure you're doing micros.
And spikes are going to be selling
opportunities as well. The put wall
still at 7200.
The Excuse me, the call wall is still at
7200.
The put wall
is now at 7000.
Very interesting. That put wall has just
moved up.
Taking a look at the NQ
what do we see? These guys look a lot
better. Just a ton of
tech running the show and how we need
compute and da da da da da da.
And the semis have moved
20%?
Some gigantic number.
So,
probably some profit taking around the
horizon.
Statistical flow forensically speaking,
we've got ourselves
a dip coming
somewhere in the first week of May. It
might actually start
next week. Who knows?
Here we are.
Let's take a look at the big picture.
We're very far away from the 200.
It could be a place. Notice how deeply
it broke that 200 and then recaptured
and then created a base around that zone
for the NQ value area low 26,850.
Value area high 27,045.
A topping formation appears to be on the
mix
here.
Pivot is below us acting as support.
Anchored VWAP is below us acting as
support. VWAP acting as support.
50 simple moving average acting as
support. What are we going to have?
We're going to have a choppy formation
if it loses this edge. If all of these
supports break
it's very likely that we move down into
the lower edge and retest the prior
areas of
front line support.
Let's say that that's the prior pivot.
Really, this candlestick box is what
we're looking at and so the 50% range
which is about where we stopped is
what we want to look for
as support and that's
26,660.
So, that's what is um
looking like a good area to buy.
I would not be upset about shorting
this. Here's the thing, it's going to be
jagged.
It's going to be jagged. The closing
candlestick is
way up here.
Let's
Let's do that.
That closing candlestick easily looks
like the support floor to me. Could you
short this?
Absolutely. What would your stop be?
You'd need at least 50 points of risk at
this juncture.
I say
don't ever take a short close to the
VWAP. It's always a pain in the neck.
Wait for it to expand away from that
VWAP and then come in. You're going to
have a lot more opportunities doing
that. Okay?
So,
deep dips still going to be buys. The
dips can be very deep.
It can break that upper 200, but with
the slope of this upper 200, it's really
telling you
that if it dips
they're going to try and buy that. Okay?
So, you you want to watch for that.
Let's go to Bitcoin.
Our liquidity provider.
Well, again, so good.
Still can't get up over 80,000 or really
even hold
um
79,000.
Topping formation.
Pivot, still above.
If
yesterday's pivot,
we just broke the 50,
easily we come to the 200.
Easily, 76,000.
The fade there. Now, is something
happening in the market right now? I
have no idea, but
definitely Bitcoin is doing a little
liquidation
and it's leaving value area high.
So, this fade
should easily come down.
You know, here here's the big picture.
What we have in Bitcoin
What we have in Bitcoin is
consolidation around
prior areas of a stall out. Now, those
areas don't have a ton of volume.
So, that's pretty important to watch.
Really important to watch, actually.
The candlestick of note
is still the support zone around 71,700.
That's
the area we could easily come in and
test over the next couple of days.
I wouldn't be surprised. As a matter of
fact, it would be good for the chart for
that to happen.
That being said,
if all of a sudden
we get above
79,700,
we've got more upside on the horizon.
Right? And it will fill the gap. Course,
all the Bitcoiners are
hodling
and
want to push it forward.
Lots of
narratives about de-dollarizing and the
like.
You know,
everybody's Everybody's selling their
schtick,
right? So, you just follow whichever one
you want, ideally.
So,
pullbacks, buy zones, 71,000 and then
above 79,500.
If my voice sounds a little flat to you,
it's because I slept an hour last night,
and so
I'm a little bit of a zombie. Plus, I
haven't had any go juice, so there you
have it.
Oil
boy, shenanigans
all over.
Man, oh man. But, where are we sitting?
Let's look at the daily chart.
Big picture,
we've got
this line in the sand above 91.
Probably going to fire off more bullish
action.
And the close of this candlestick
really giving us pretty good floor, 86.
Still the zone to watch.
Still a little noisy.
Ultimately, oil's going to resolve
higher,
but
we've got all this chop.
And
anytime news comes out,
somebody's making a ton of money. So,
what are we expecting to see? We've
stayed above 97, but we have not broken
the high of yesterday.
Also very important.
So, from a daily perspective, we are
looking at 105,
or so, 91 or so, and 86 or so. Put wall
right down here at 85, call wall at 100.
Let's take a look at the 30-minute
chart.
You can see we're landlocked, right?
Look at how tight this action is.
Biggest volume candlestick was the
this 130 bonanza
that gave us a bunch of news. I think
a few things happened, plus, you know, a
parliament Iranian parliament guy
resigned, and I don't know what it is,
but we're caught in the middle here.
Bounded by a support floor with the
pivot at 95.
And
coiling
in here for another move, potentially
above 98.
So, let's clone the rectangle of volume
to see what we've got.
So, we are looking at a floor
potentially at 93. If we don't catch
fire with, you know, liquidity or or
whatever that
tells us we're going to run out of steam
or all the way up here at a significant
gamma wall of 101.
That would be very interesting.
So,
that upward flow
tells us the dips are buys.
The 50 is holding trend really very
nicely
and
breaks below any of these
have given us upside pressure.
Let's see where we're battling right
now. Let's use a box.
This is another important candlestick.
And we're sitting right inside of this
range.
Just right inside of the range.
This looks sideways to me, and so deep
dips
going to give us buys, but this is
definitely a coil.
>> [snorts]
>> And so, if it's a fade,
watch it down here. First shot at the
buy zone,
choose a micro.
$92.40.
If it doesn't do that,
91.50 on the daily chart to 90.50
is the next one below, but they are
going to buy these dips.
No doubt about it, folks. They are going
to buy them.
Just watch.
What the story has been is
let it run up and then
sell the spike down in
to support. So, I would be watching.
I'd be watching them do that. They're
trading on the side
to sell,
and so we want to watch that. Let's go
to gold.
Gold is holding 4700. Now,
my thought
is that this downward trend is going to
continue
for a short while
before it turns around and starts moving
up again.
Where would I like to take the short?
I'd love to take it at 4800,
but it doesn't seem to want to give me
that opportunity.
Momentum cresting up a little bit,
that's reversion to the mean.
The pivot
is 4711.
The value area low, 4724,
and
value area high, 4776.
All right?
Spikes are sells,
but these dips that have been savage
have also been temporary
buying zones.
So, what do we watch?
We want to see
the low of 4680
hold.
We want to see that area hold. If not,
we head to the put wall, which is at
4660.
Yeah, that's that's about what we're
staring down.
Again, I'd love to see a bounce up to,
you know, 47
50, 4760.
The 200 moving average.
That's
4760-ish.
I I like that. I like that zone. I don't
I don't love trading in these kinds of
pockets, especially
when we're watching momentum really
develop sharply in the other direction.
I'm going to
I'm going to guess that it moves to the
north. All right. That's what we're
staring down. Remember your boxes.
That's all you want to remember.
And where's my box? Where did I buy?
Where did it sell?
Here's the line. Look, they're dancing
around here right now.
You could easily say, "Hey, if it
punches to the north, I'm going to take
a short right here."
I'm going to take a short at 4724.
But you want to be careful and make sure
that it loses
4697.
Then you're great.
Because if it gets out of here, it's
probably going to run to the top of that
wick, which is 4740.
Right?
Couple of things in the way, but that's
really what we're seeing.
That's That's really what we're seeing.
So, yes, you could sell it off.
Absolutely, but
risk. Risk is the question.
I was zombie.
Okay.
Coming into the 200, look at how hard it
broke.
Here at this 130 candle. This news
These breaks very systematic.
The bounce is the systematic event.
Right? So, very nice
rotational motion.
But came right into the floor of front
line support. Where else was that? How
do you watch something fall and then buy
the reversal bounce? You look to the
left. Hey, is my moving average up?
Is my 200 moving up? Yes.
It is. It's moving up.
So, my dips, they're going to get
bought. So, where are they going to get
bought?
Look to the left
and pick
the wick that you can see that's the
lowest. And then say, "Okay, this is
where everybody will wash out." If it
falls below and then recaptures, I'm
going to put a stop by there. So, you
have very limited risk
and all kinds of upshot.
Today looks to me like another grinding
day to the south.
If I were a betting man,
this is what I would say. When When
would I be wrong? We would recapture
yesterday's anchored VWAP. No, Thursday.
Wednesday's anchored VWAP.
That's the one you would come in
come into. If it holds above 710,
you got to move. If it doesn't, it's a
fake.
And so, the question is,
"Yeah, that's great, Emery. What do I
do?"
Well,
simple as it is, you can say
a look below here
that fades all the way to the 200 and
begins to bounce,
you can try the the long there.
The gamma line
is at 705. What you have to realize is
that the market risk
is
dramatic.
And so,
it can move very sharply down and turn
all the way around.
Or, it can move very sharply up and move
And that's all we know.
So, all we can do is manage risk. So, we
wait below
for price action.
And you know, we wait above.
Call wall 715.
Put wall 700. Both the walls have risen.
These guys are running right into sell
zone.
This is my thought.
If I'm wrong,
then I miss out on the big upside
pressure event next. If I'm right,
it continues to rotate down and our
bigger picture [clears throat]
of pulling back into the breakaway or
pulling back into heavy congestion,
that's going to be on the horizon.
Right?
The We're very far from the 50.
Very, very far.
I suspect we in the long run, we either
go sideways for a long time,
which I doubt,
or we rotate and come back down to the
50. That's it.
And that's it for me. I'll see you on
the Benzinga Pro show today at 10:30
with Ryan Felton.
Where
Ooh, look at that fade.
Look at that. Let's just peek at that.
See what happened here. Probably news,
but who cares?
We don't care why it's moving. We care
that it's moving.
See this? Look at where it came down.
Value area low.
Just shy of this zone.
Yeah, I would expect us to have grinding
downside motion.
This is what I would expect.
Grinding downside motion. And just
remember your 4:00 a.m. candlestick
and whether it turns into resistance or
not.
That's going to be pretty interesting
one to look at. That's 7146.
Okay, everybody. Take care. I'll see you
on the streams.